<!-- ## Prep
make a new user on my old laptop to deal with anyone forgetting their laptop
use dual monitors
 -->
## Orienting

_have everyone pull up the syllabus_

## Presentations

In this class, 10% of your grade is from a 10-min presentation on an artist working in digital media. The point here is to just get a survey of some of the artists working in this field. The presentation itself isn't anything special beyond what you've likely done in your other classes:
- should have slides (keynote or google slides)
- 10-mins (pace yourself! two-minute warning, and then cut you off)
- what are things you could include in context? personal history, related artists, events
- artwork in depth (explain the artwork, why it is significant, how it relates to our themes)
- give your personal take on it

Covering all those things in 10 minutes it's actually pretty quick

How do you research?
- primary sources (the artists websites, galleries)
- secondary (wikipedia, google scholar _show_, Watzek).

Signup for this is [online](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nggDB1bS2JwEHQEd68H1AvLbPs22qDmSZV5r_P9cJYI/edit?usp=sharing)

First presentations are a week from today

I need two brave seniors or juniors to go first


## Zork

One of the earliest games for a computer.

[Zork emulator](https://playclassic.games/games/adventure-dos-games-online/play-zork-great-underground-empire-online/play)

<!-- Previously, I introduced BASIC and then had them play Zork, and _then_ start the assignment. That's a better order. Next time around, we can do that again, with an extra intro class. and actually, have them make the "map" as an intermediate assignment -->


## Turtle drawing

So last class, we experimented with writing a score for how to produce a drawing, and we had other humans try it out.

Today we're going to do something similar, but with the computer.

Go to the syllabus for today, and open Sketch 1.
_read intro_
Let's open up this turtle.
_use full commands at first, move around_
_square, rectangle, rectangle w/ repeat, circle_
_have them free play for awhile, then get the still life_


## Plotter
_just have students that have gotten somewhere send me the code, and I'll plot it_
<!-- this didnt integrate well, think of another way to do it? -->


**Remember your homework**
