<!-- ## Prep
 -->
## Orienting

_everybody signed up for presentations?_

Today is a big day. We're going to go a little fast, but stick with it, and we can backtrack as needed.

## Zork

But first, let's discuss your homework.
- what was the experience like? who are you telling to "go north"?
- did anyone make a paper map?
- what's the basic organizing principle? -> room  
    you go in, you read text, you have options that are different branches  
    doesnt have to be a literal room  


## Nonlinear narrative

_Zork_ is an example of a nonlinear narrative. What are some others?
- films like _Pulp Fiction_, ish
- _Bandersnatch_ from Black Mirror
- Choose your own adventure
- [Oulipo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NhFoSFNQMQ)
- Video games in general
- Life itself, etc

<!-- need more visual examples -->

In fact, nonlinearity is a fundamental quality of digital media art. And it ties directly to some of the basic structures that we'll use in code.

So basic, that we're going to take it back, to before graphics. To the context in which _Zork_ was made. And to do that we're going to need a few tools.


## Assignment

_go over the "technical preparation" section of the_ [assignment](../assignments/02_nonlinear_narrative/description.md)
    - Atom
    - Node
    - command line navigation (but first thing, try typing `node`)
    - discuss how it's it's own narrative form

_save a new file (test.js) and introduce variables, conditionals, and functions_

_ask about the turtle: is it still here? ... it follows the logic of the code_

_make sure everyone is comfortable and able to run example.js, step through how it works_


<!--

This worked, but I dont necessarily like having to deal with the console at this stage. theyre learning Terminal commands + programming simultaneously, and that's a little problematic.

-->
