<!--
print, please
prep: have a site prepared so you can add the landscape link
-->
## Portfolio

First thing, I need everyone to have a working URL to their landscape

If you do, add a link to that URL from your portfolio

...and let's make sure in general that those portfolios are working correctly
I'm missing portfolio URLs for some of you.


## Crits

For crits, we're going to have everyone come up, read their titles and descriptions and look at the work. and then I want to hear comments, questions, constructive feedback from everyone in the class.

_15 people, 4mins each, allow 60 mins and change_

_Use Granu_
_have all the links for everyone, they present and close the tab_

General thoughts on this assignment?


## Presentation

Faith on American Artist (check with her ahead of time that she has it)


## Interface

I'd like everyone to go to the syllabus, and to the next sketch, which is called Expressive Interface.

We will talk more about this assignment next class. But for now, I want everyone to get set up and to go over some basics.

New folder, index and sketch copied from the assignment page.

_open the console, and note the mouse clicks, and now the keyboard presses_
_put a print statement in setup_
_now put one in draw_
`print('drawing', frameCount)`
_explain noLoop()_

p5—your turtle—knows to do the setup function once, and then to do draw over and over again

Let's make a circle—how?

Magic mouse variables _circle moves_

What will happen if we move `background` to `setup`?
`noStroke()`
`fill(255, 0, 0, 50)`   check out the alpha

Put it within `mouseIsPressed`

Make a box that's always on the screen.


## Homework!

Read Chapter 5: Response!
